Second phase of hipTensor docs refresh (#384)
ROCm/hipTensor: docs/conceptual/programmers-guide.rst

In the process of accumulating over summation dimensions, they are effectively collapsed or contracted.

Tensor permutation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Tensor permutation reorders stride indices, changing the data's dimensional locality relationships.

Tensor reduction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Tensor reduction transforms a higher-dimensional tensor into a lower-dimensional one by performing some operations on the original tensor.

Tensor rank
^^^^^^^^^^^

Tensor rank refers to the data's dimensionality, such as the number of modes. In Einstein notation, repeated modes indicate the dimensions being contracted during tensor contractions.

In contractions, modes can be categorized as M, N, and K, defined as follows:

* Tensor A modes [M0, ..., Mn, K0, ..., Kn]
* Tensor B modes [N0, ..., Nn, K0, ..., Kn]
* Tensor C/D modes [M0, ..., Mn, N0, ..., Nn]

Repeated indices K0, ..., Kn are indices that are contracted. Contractions currently support up to M6N6K6, allowing up to 6 dimensions for each M, N and K.
A tensor contraction with A = [M0, ..., M5, K0, ..., K5], B = [N0, ..., N5, K0, ..., K5], and C/D [M0, ..., M5, N0, ..., N5] is considered rank 12.

Tensor mode
^^^^^^^^^^^

> Tensor modes allow users to specify the order or labels of the input strides that define the dimensional data relationship. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tensor modes let users specify the order or labels of the input strides that define the dimensional data relationship. 
```
